docs: add new blog (#3637)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/community/guides.en.md

|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [**Prefect Cloud based data pipelines using AWS Copilot on ECS**](https://www.core27.co/post/prefect-cloud-based-data-pipelines-using-aws-copilot-on-ecs) by <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/dataengineering/">@dataengineering </a>                                                                                 | Data Engineering takes you through build and deploy a production grade data stack on Amazon's Elastic Container Service.                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: The blog was posted on Reddit by https://www.reddit.com/user/_ragequilt_/ but for the author we should do:
```suggestion
| [**Prefect Cloud based data pipelines using AWS Copilot on ECS**](https://www.core27.co/post/prefect-cloud-based-data-pipelines-using-aws-copilot-on-ecs) by <a href="https://twitter.com/Core27_">@Core27_</a>                                                                                 | Core27 takes you through building and deploying a production-grade data stack on Amazon Elastic Container Service.                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```

|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [**Prefect Cloud based data pipelines using AWS Copilot on ECS**](https://www.core27.co/post/prefect-cloud-based-data-pipelines-using-aws-copilot-on-ecs) by <a href="https://twitter.com/Core27_">@Core27_</a>                                                                                 | Core27 takes you through building and deploying a production-grade data stack on Amazon Elastic Container Service.                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [**Prefect Cloud based data pipelines using AWS Copilot on ECS**](https://www.core27.co/post/prefect-cloud-based-data-pipelines-using-aws-copilot-on-ecs) by <a href="https://twitter.com/Core27_">@Core27_</a>                                                                                 | Core27 takes you through building and deploying a production grade data stack on Amazon Elastic Container Service.                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```
